# Context
- we want to create an auto - re audit QC pipeline/ skills for postcall code

# What is a final skill/ pipeline/ runtime look like?
- At 7AM, start a runtime in google vertex AI, install package, 
- this runtimme will connect to BigQuery (BQ), table `prj-ts-p-datascience-bdfc.ds_compliance.call_reports`, then sample the data of each day. For 7AM in GMT+7 time (HCMC/ Jarkata timezone), we will run the batch of lastday with NY time (that would be done by 1PM of the previous day). For example, we start the runtime on 7AM (GMT+7), 2026-05-20, then we can select the call report of 2026-05-19 of NY time. --> double check this to make sure my arrangement is correct.
- Next sample the call_port by `vendor_id`, then `call_code` then `direction` and possible with `timestamp`. Noted that the cout of each `call_code` will be different such as those at the begging to the call will be the domimant by count. You may check the monitor/callcode/report for what is the distribution look like.
- For current setup, we want a sample of three call per call code per direction per client (vendor, tenant). If there are more than 3, we randomly select there, if there are less than 3, we collect the maximum. We may need flexible on direction, for example, if there are dominant outbound call, and one one inbound call, we will sample 1 inbound + upto 11 other calls, assumed there is 4 categories in call `direction`.
- The out come of the sample is a dataset by day
- this data set will be fed into the postcall_rerun like those we have with zero, but in this call we need a new URL for endpoint available in vertexai
- for QC purpose, we will select three LLM model to run for each conversation id: (1) rerun with LLM in yaml file (reproduce production output), (2) a smart model from gemini family (pro-3) and (3) a smart model from gpt (gpt-5*), capture all output
- we can use agreement rate between output of llm (1,2,3) to the production output from dataset

# Input for dataset
- vendor_id
- call_date (extracted timestamp with NY opperation/ or Chicago)
- call_direction
- call_id (conversation_id)
- dict_variable (conversation_caching)
- list_current_state
- rca (raw_call_assignment)
- [redacted] transcript (aka conversation_history)
- call_code (as the baseline)

# Input for the runtime
- what is yaml version (need to pull from github) (https://github.com/tsocial/agi-sm-dsci-configs.git) --> has to reverse date in commit, then compare with call-date with client_id
- LLM setup (need to specific in a yaml -- model, temperature) --> need to check llm hub first and reserve the model
- Code/ pipeline: need to check the `agent-composite` in `https://github.com/tsocial/agi_llm_deployment` and deploy on runtime 

# Input to trigger runtime
- working hour 
- install package
- retry fail
- final report

# output:
- dataset: prj-ts-p-datascience-bdfc.ds_binh2.postcall_qa_dataset
- result: prj-ts-p-datascience-bdfc.ds_binh2.postcall_qa_result
we may tag demo for this